Update VS Code debugging setup instructions (#3843)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/scripting/c_sharp/c_sharp_basics.rst

Configuring Visual Studio Code for debugging
--------------------------------------------

> To configure debugging open up Visual Studio Code. Download the Mono Debug extension from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure debugging, open Visual Studio Code and download the Mono Debug extension from
```

> Microsoft, and the Godot extension by Ignacio. Then open the Godot project folder in VSCode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft and the Godot extension by Ignacio. Then open the Godot project folder in VS Code.
```

> Go to the run tab and click on create a launch.json file. Select C# Godot from the dropdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the Run tab and click on **Create a launch.json file**. Select **C# Godot** from the dropdown
```

> menu. Now when you start the debugger in VSCode your Godot project will run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
menu. Now, when you start the debugger in VS Code, your Godot project will run.
```
